Geometer is windowed. That's what the first two parameters do. You know
about that.

The first thing geometer does is to generate landmarks on the wave.
The third parameter controls how it does this. There's "ext 'n cross",
which puts landmarks at zero-crossings and extremities (the final
parameter, zerothresh, controls what is considered "zero"). There's
"at freq" which places landmarks at constant intervals. There's (in
the new version) "randomly", which places them randomly throughout the
wave. For the second two, the 4th parameter "freq" determines the
frequency.

In all of these modes, a landmark at sample x always has in[x] as its
y value. (However, maybe there are landmark generating functions that
don't choose the same y, I dunno.)

The next thing geometer does is do an operation on those landmarks.
The operations (under "pointops") are "no" which does nothing, "1/2",
which deletes every other point, "1/4", which deletes 3/4 of the
points, and "x 2", which arbitrarily inserts new points in between
every pair of old points. I think most of my future innovations will
be in "pointops", but who knows.

Finally, geometer generates the output waveform according to the
"interp how" parameter. With "polygon", it just interpolates linearly.
With "wrongygon" it makes interpolation lines that go backwards, so
that it looks like a sawtooth wave. "reversi" ignores the y values and
just reverse the input buffer between each pair of landmarks.
"smoothie" interpolates with a nice smooth cosine thingy.
"pulse-debug" (which will go away) just sticks the raw landmarks in
the output for debugging. "unsup" does nothing. I also need more
waveform-reconstruction tricks.


