Tom and I are currently working on making our hyper suped up graphics
library for our Destroy FX plugins.  This new library will be one that
assumes cooperation with DfxPlugin plugins and not any specific plugin
format, so that we can write our GUI code in a way that will work
specifically and nicely with DfxPlugin and will work with all of the
plugin formats that DfxPlugin supports (currently Audio Unit for Mac
and VST for Windows).

Originally the plan was that I was going to make a Mac / Audio Unit
specific implementation and Tom was going to make a Windows / VST
specific implementation.  The former is quite far along now, but the
latter never really happened, so I have begun work on a VST
implementation that is VSTGUI-based.  We originally wanted to make our
own from scratch because of the number of bugs and unpleasantries in
VSTGUI, but since that doesn't look like it's going to happen any time
soon/ever, the VSTGUI compromise is being made as a shortcut.

The work that I have done so far for AU graphics in Mac OS X owes a
great deal to Urs Heckmann's wonderful CAUGui framework.  His code was
the best example code that I could find demonstrating how to use the
Quartz and Carbon Events APIs with AUCarbonViews, and his hard work on
the project and generosity with sharing his code are very much
appreciated.  Urs' excellent plugins are available at http://u-he.com/
and the latest version of his CAUGui framework can be found at
http://u-he.com/caugui/
