This directory has some scripts that we use and find useful in our
plugin making activities.  Some of them are for automating the process
of making distribution archives for our web page downloads and others
do some other useful stuff.


makedist.sh:

This shell script packages up a plugin and related text files
(documentation, license, etc.) into an archive for download at our web
page.


au.sh:

This is a shell script that feeds the makedist.sh script specifically
for the AU builds that Sophia makes.  It makes a lot of assumptions
(file names, file locations, etc.) and uses the current date to
generate the output file and in general does stuff that's very
specific to the task, and therefore probably not too useful for anyone
aside from Sophia.


install-au.command:

This is a general purpose Audio Unit installer script.  It expects
that it is located in the same directory (and at the same level in
there) as all of the files to be installed.  It looks for any
*.component bundles and installs them as AUs and looks for any
documentation files (*.html) and installs them into a "Destroy FX"
sub-directory in ~/Library/Documentation

Note that this file has a .command file name extension because that's
the way to associate a shell script with Terminal in Mac OS X, making
it so that opening the file in Finder will make it automatically run
in Terminal.


fixpng.sh:

This is a simple shell script that will remove gAMA, cHRM, iCCP, and
sRGB chunks from PNG files and also maximize the compression of the
files.  The script uses pngcrush which is available at:
http://pmt.sourceforge.net/pngcrush/
